This is a file with some text in it.

It's truly amazing, isn't it?

Let's fill up this test file with some additional text so there is plenty of information in it to be used in these programs.

Nitwit.

Oddment.

Blubber.

What, were you expecting me to continue on? That's not something that I should be doing you know. Sure, everyone may KNOW what's supposed to come next if they're familiar with the Harry Potter lore, but there's no sense in me continuing on if you already know that I know that you know what is coming next. That's just meaningless.

For that matter, consider how people so often quote Monty Python skits verbatum. What sort of nonsense is that? They spent a long time making surreal humor that is made all the more funny by other people having no clue what it going on. Sure, having someone quote things about good Sir Robin, the black knight, Camelot, or other amusing things brings some cheer, but the surrealness of it all gets lost somewhat after the nth repeating (for large values of n).

For example, imagine that I were to say "Ni esta la kavelioj ke 'Ni' diras". Besides first saying "What?", you'd probably wonder what I was talking about. This is sense of confusion is good. It brings about a desire to try understand the situation, and then makes you want to ask clarifying questions. Imagine your disappointment when you found out that I was simply translating "We are the Knights who say Ni" into Esperanto.

Do you feel better knowing that now?

No, probably not. The initial surprise has now given way to a feeling of old hat. You've been there before. You already know what it means, why it's there, and are probably quite bored with the whole affair. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if you were to turn back now. I can guarantee it doesn't get any better from here.












What, you're still here? Good grief, you are persistent. What am I going to do now, a joke perhaps? I'm rubbish at jokes though. Well, unless you count ruining jokes or making things so long that it just becomes sad to watch unfold. Let's see.

Why couldn't the duck cross the road?




It got stuck in a quack.


Get it? A quack? Oh boy, I quack myself up sometimes. Let's try another. Since that one landed so nicely, let's stick to duck related humor, shall we?

What is a duck's favorite drug?





Quack.

Hahaha, oh I quack myself up. What can I say, ducks are hilarious, and jokes about them never get old. Again, again! Let's do another one.



What is a duck's favorite food.



Can you guess this one?



Do you know what it's going to be?




Go on, make a guess. You have to at least guess before I go on.



Have you made your guess yet? I don't really have a way to ensure that you have made your guess. If you haven't, go on and make on already!


Ok, ok, so you've made your guess, right? And the answer is




No, you know what? I'm not sure you actually HAVE made your guess yet. Go on, make your guess. I'm sure you thought that you could just skip on by and not make a guess at all, but what sort of life is that? One where you just blindly rush to get the answer to a joke? Shame on you. You need to guess first.

Go on. Say it. SAY IT OUT LOUD.

I CAN'T HEAR YOU! LOUDER! MAKE THE WALLS SHAKE! SCARE YOUR NEIGHBORS!


OW! Not that loud, you hurt my ears! Since I heard you, I know you already know what the answer is, so there's no sense in me saying it now, is there? Oh all right, fine.



Quackers.


Are you happy? You've gone and ruined it by forcing me to continue on with it even though I know that you know what the answer is, and I know thatyou know that I know that. Try not to ruin this next one ok? Let's move onto another joke. One that's also duck related.



Why do ducks have tail feathers?




To cover their butt quacks!




Hahaha, butt quacks! I'm still quacking up! I can't tell you how sublime this humor is. It is truly magnificent. Ducks are the epitome of everything funny. The way they walk... the way they sound.... their magnificent corckscrew penises and vaginas... their.... wait, you hadn't heard that before?

Yes, ducks truly get up to some kinky stuff. You might take pride in your own privates, but ask a duck what they think of them. They'll just laugh and tell you that yours is "cute". Of course, you'll have to stop taking whatever drugs you're on if a duck is talking to you.

I can't help but think we've wandered a bit far from our original plan though. Where were we?

Oh yes, duck jokes. I have another one for you!



A duck waddles into a bar and orders a beer. Seeing that this is a duck, the bartender says "Whoh buddy, I can't just give you this, you have to pay first!". The duck just looks serenely at the bartender and says "Alright, just put it on my bill"


Hmm... we've strayed away from the core elements of our duck humor. I was expecting another "quack" joke. Sadly, I'm not sure that I have any more quacks to give here. A joke without a quack in the answer just doesn't quack me up the same way, you know? I mean, where is the dry delivery? Where is the punchline? Let's try this: I'll make a duck joke, and you rate it for me, alright?



What do you call a crazy duck?




A quackpot!



Hahaha, oh boy, there we are. A return to classic duck humor. Now tell me, what did you think of this joke? Go on? Here's a rating system.


Terrible 1 2 3 4 5 Peak pinnacle of duck related humor


Now, I'm sure you made a choice, but unfortunately, I don't have any way of knowing what you selected. You see, there's a fatal flaw in presenting a survey in a text file. There's no submission information. No way for me to actually gather feedback.

Are you tired of duck jokes yet? I know I'm not, so I'll have to assume that you aren't yet either. What is coming up next? I have to know!



What do you call a crime-solving bird?





A ducktective!


Oh my, oh me, I'm positively quacking up over here! I can't help it! Have you READ these jokes? They're amazing! Another!



How many ducks does it take to screw in a lightbulb?



Ducks are too big to screw in a lightbulb, they prefer doing that outside.



Ha! Fantastic! But, wait, wouldn't that joke apply to most animals? Some insects may be small enough to do so, but I'm not sure about animals. Hmm. Let's try a new joke.



What do ducks study when they persue partical physics?





Quarks




Haha! That's quarking me up too. Fantastic! Let's see what other jokes there are.

















Wait, is that it? Are the jokes done? Have we ran out of duck jokes? This is a travesty. If you happen to know more duck jokes, you'll have to email them to me. I'll add them in, I swear!


Well, that concludes my test file for the moment. I do hope it was worth the read. Really, let's bask in the what you read so far. First, there were some amazing things about Monty Python. Remeber that?

Ah... good times. I remember it like it was only a few minutes ago.

And those duck jokes? Remember when I said they quacked me up? Ha! Classic! Of course, I wasn't actually quacking up, what would that mean anyways? A quack is a physical sound that a duck makes, it's not really anything else. But I digress.


I think... Yes. Reading the test text in this file was truly worth it. It caused you to be filled with satisfaction. A warm and fuzzy glow. The exciting feeling of a job well done. So take that satisfaction.

Good job. You earned it.
